oh hey I didn't see you there
I'm very very bright I'm here to
introduce the new S tronic x2 it's back
with power change your life forever are
you tired of working out on those sweaty
jeans yeah handling heavy training and
equipment yeah you can stop with that
the newest tronic x2 will make your
tiger instead of a pussy just look at
these people they've been using xtronic
only for two weeks
the secret is electro muscle simulation
or as I like to call it EMS you can
train an easy and fun environment and I
bet you you can do an everyday challenge
wild your training when you're reading
the paper while you're eating a sandwich
while you're in the shower okay
maybe not the shower while you're taking
a piss while you're taking a nap if you
order now you can get a free arm trainer
also it can change the cheeks hands and
even your ass because we put ass in the
tronic s-tronic x2
so with a Stronach x2 you'll get v in no
time
is it off yeah o uses these things Oh
take it off